

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  Using the diff function to view the two files made it easier to view the
  differences between two files because it displayed the differences next to
  each other rather then going line by line by line with two windows next to
  each other.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    This would allow me to go back to previous versions if I make a mistake or
    change my mind about the program's design.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

You choosing:
    PROs:
      - you control the timing for commits based on preferences
      - you control frequency

    CONs:
      - you may forget to commit
      - you may wait to long between commits and lose information

Computer choosing:
    PROs:
      - Regular frequency of commits
      - Helps new users who are unsure when to commit

    CONs:
      - Computer does not know significance of changes to code
      - Too many commits

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is meant for coding which inherently has multiple files per project.
    Google Docs is meant for many different types of projects.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use git log to view when changes were made to files and the user's
    comments. I can use diff to see the line by line changes for the given
    commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Even if I break something I easily can revert to an older version without
    problems.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    A coding project I have been working on for a while that needs version
    control.
